March 16, 2026

Early Departure -- All Employees Must Depart No Later Than 2:00 PM

&ldquo;Employees of [specified Federal offices at specified locations] are authorized for Early Departure. All employees Must Depart no later than 2:00 pm at which time Federal offices are Closed.&rdquo;
Telework Employees at the Office will receive weather and safety leave only for the time required to commute home. Once these employees arrive at home, they must complete any remaining portion of the workday by teleworking, taking unscheduled leave (paid or unpaid) or other paid time off, or a combination.
Non-Telework Employees at the Office will be dismissed from their office no later than the final departure time 2:00 pm (as applicable) and will be granted weather and safety leave for the number of hours remaining in their workday.
Telework Employees Performing Telework are expected to continue working and generally may not receive weather and safety leave. They must account for the entire workday by teleworking, taking unscheduled leave (paid or unpaid) or other paid time off, or a combination.
Remote Workers are expected to continue working and generally may not receive weather and safety leave. They must account for the entire workday by working, taking unscheduled leave (paid or unpaid) or other paid time off, or a combination.
Emergency Employees are expected to remain at the worksite unless otherwise directed by their agencies.
Employees Departing the Office Prior to Their Early Departure Time or the Final Departure Time (whichever is applicable) may request unscheduled leave (paid or unpaid) or other paid time off. Such employees will not be granted weather and safety leave for any part of the workday.
Employees on Preapproved Leave (paid or unpaid) or other paid time off&mdash;including an employee who has requested unscheduled leave before an early departure policy is announced&mdash;generally should continue to be charged leave or other paid time off during the scheduled time and should not receive weather and safety leave.

https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/snow-dismissal-procedures/current-status/